# Ideas
* Python Web Scraping app - Build a web scraper (suggested implementation: any programming language you want to master). Build a tool that takes a URL as input and returns the content of the URL as HTML or XML.
* An expense tracker (suggested implementation: web or mobile app). Create a simple interface you can use to add and categorize your expenses. Generate monthly reports based on the inputs and write custom alerts for things, like, “spending too much money on coffee… as always.”
* An unbeatable Tic-Tac-Toe engine (suggested implementation: CLI program). For an excellent first AI project, try to write an engine that cannot be beaten at Tic-Tac-Toe. You can achieve this by implementing this strategy, which produces a draw as its worst-case outcome. [Strategy Link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tic-tac-toe#Strategy)
* A spam classifier (suggested implementation: any programming language you want to master). Build a tool to classify whether an email is or isn’t spam based on the content alone. You can use this [public data set of emails from the Enron investigation](https://www.kaggle.com/wcukierski/enron-email-dataset) to test your spam classifier.
* A movie showtime finder (suggested implementation: web or mobile app with email or text message notifications). Build a program that notifies you, by text or email, about showtimes for potentially interesting movies playing at your favorite cinema. The concept of an 'interesting movie' can be derived using machine learning (if you watch enough movies to have good training data), or a handcrafted algorithm. For example, you might use the Open Movie Database API, paired with an HTML parser like BeautifulSoup, to build a program that alerts you to sci-fi movies rated 7.0 or above on IMDB, movies starring Amy Adams, and/or any movie with an average rating of 8.0 or higher.

* A spoiler blocker (suggested implementation: browser extension). Short of implementing a total social media/internet/watercooler chat ban, it can be difficult to avoid seeing spoilers for your favorite TV show… especially if that TV show is as popular as Game of Thrones. Create a browser extension that removes all mentions of your favorite show from any webpage loaded in your browser… or replaces them with cute pictures of puppies.
